# Traffic-Light-Simulation

I simulated the design in LABVIEW in version 20.0.1 on macOS Big Sur. I will talk on the design part of the system in this report.
The main design in this system is simulation of traffic lights. I have designed the four-way intersection. There are altogether of 4 traffic poles. Each pole has four lights: Green, Yellow, Red, and Left Turn Signal. Along with that I made the pedestrian signal as well. To clarify more, I designed the zebra crossing as well using tools palette.
For designing the traffic signal part, I select the Boolean option from control palette and then round led. They have different colors when turning on and off at first. So, I decided to use colors like red, green and yellow when they are on and just black when they are off. For such observance, I select left on the round led and select the properties option. Then at the appearance tab, I choose the appropriate colors. Then for four poles, I did copy those lights for three more times. After that, I added the left turn signals in each of the poles. Along with it, I added the pedestrian signal as well. I used the different Boolean points or options.
I have designed the front panel layout using decorations in Control Palette. For that, I open the front panel and left click to open the control palette. Then select the decorations option. That is how I designed the layout design for the road, and zebra crossing.
Moreover, I made one traffic light outside of the model just to show the meaning of the different colors in traffic lights. I provide the clarification using different words in the front panel. This is all about the working part of the simulation, but there is a lot of different machinery running actually a programming language in Block diagram.
